Add Polimec HRMP info (#5503)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-guides-accounts-multisig.md

that you can try out and change to see how it works.

However, in anything but the simple one approval case, you will likely need more than one of the
signatories to approve the call before finally executing it.

### Multisig Call Deposit

When you create a new multi-sig call, you will need to place a
{{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} deposit. The deposit stays locked until the
call is executed. This deposit is to establish an economic cost on the storage space that the

> multisig call takes up on the chain state and discourage users from creating multisig calls that

Reviewer: "on the chain" or "in the chain state"
```suggestion
multisig call takes up in the chain state and discourage users from creating multisig calls that
```

{{ polkadot: <RPC network="polkadot" path="consts.multisig.depositFactor" defaultValue={320000000} filter="humanReadable"/>. :polkadot }}
{{ kusama: <RPC network="kusama" path="consts.multisig.depositFactor" defaultValue={1066665600} filter="humanReadable"/>. :kusama }}

> The other signatory accounts should have enough funds to pay for the transaction fees to sign and
> submit the multi-sig transaction. No deposit is held from the signatory accounts. Once the multi-sig
> transaction is executed or rejected, the deposit is released on the account that created the
> multi-sig transaction.

Reviewer: It's correct above, "multisig call", but then it changes to "multisig transaction". Also a change of style from "multisig" to "multi-sig". Why?

> No deposit is held from the signatory accounts.

Isn't the first submitter a signatory? That makes this false.

```suggestion
The other signatory accounts should have enough funds to pay for the transaction fees associated
with approving the multisig call. The deposit is for the call; that is, other signatories will not
need to place additional deposits. Once the multisig call is executed or rejected, the deposit is
released on the account that initiated the call.
```
